TODO.md, before:

# Subtrees   
## Economy   
**Goal:** To gather resources, build capability, and advance technology   
**Input**
- Current buildings
- Current research?   

**Output**
- Resources to mine
- Buildings to build
- Research to develop

## Army
**Goal:** To build an army effective against opponents capabilities    
**Input**
- Amount of Melee/Range/Air units   

**Output**
- Units to build

## Attack
**Goal:** To advance military units towards enemy base    
**Input**
- Enemy locations (and their type Melee/Range/Air)
- Our army unit locations (and their type Melee/Range/Air)   

**Output**
- Delegate unit attacks
- Unit movement
- Unit abilities

## Defend
**Goal:** To control military units to defend our base, or if viable relocate our base to hide from the enemy   
**Input**
- Enemy locations (and their type Melee/Range/Air)
- Our army unit locations (and their type Melee/Range/Air)
- Our defensive buildings   

**Output**
- Delegate unit/building attacks
- Unit movement
- Unit/building abilities

Commit message:

updated todo file with high level decision hierarchy

TODO.md, after:

# High Level Decision
**Decision Heirachy**
1. Are we under attack?
2. Do we have resources?
3. Do we need to build to increase strategic capability?
4. Are we ready to defend ourselves?
5. Can we advance our technology?

# Subtrees   
## Economy   
**Goal:** To gather resources, build capability, and advance technology   
**Input**
- Current buildings
- Current research?   

**Output**
- Resources to mine
- Buildings to build
- Research to develop

## Army
**Goal:** To build an army effective against opponents capabilities    
**Input**
- Amount of Melee/Range/Air units   

**Output**
- Units to build

## Attack
**Goal:** To advance military units towards enemy base    
**Input**
- Enemy locations (and their type Melee/Range/Air)
- Our army unit locations (and their type Melee/Range/Air)   

**Output**
- Delegate unit attacks
- Unit movement
- Unit abilities

## Defend
**Goal:** To control military units to defend our base, or if viable relocate our base to hide from the enemy   
**Input**
- Enemy locations (and their type Melee/Range/Air)
- Our army unit locations (and their type Melee/Range/Air)
- Our defensive buildings   

**Output**
- Delegate unit/building attacks
- Unit movement
- Unit/building abilities
